Revive Table.show_in_notebook method but with ipydatagrid (#17165)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/17165.api.rst

> ``show_in_notebook`` method for Astropy tables has been un-deprecated. However, it now takes a ``backend`` keyword and ``backend="classic"`` is still deprecated. It also takes a new ``backend="ipydatagrid"`` that relies on an optional dependency, ``ipydatagrid``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``show_in_notebook`` method for Astropy tables has been un-deprecated and the API has
been updated to accept a ``backend`` keyword and require only keyword arguments. The new
default ``backend="ipydatagrid"`` relies on an optional dependency, ``ipydatagrid``. The
previous default table viewer (prior to Astropy 7.0) is still available as
``backend="classic"``, but it is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
```
